**Assignments from Week 1 of CS50's Introduction to Programming with Python at Harvard**

Week 1 was spent learning about **Conditionals**. Below are descriptions of each of the programs in this folder:
1. **deep.py**: Prompts the user for the answer to the Great Question of Life, the Universe and Everything, outputting Yes if the user inputs 42 or (case-insensitively) forty-two or forty two. Otherwise output No.
2. **bank.py**: Prompts the user for a greeting. If the greeting starts with “hello”, outputs $0. If the greeting starts with an “h” (but not “hello”), outputs $20. Otherwise, outputs $100. Ignores any leading whitespace in the user’s greeting, and treats the user’s greeting case-insensitively.
3. **extensions.py**: Prompts the user for the name of a file and then outputs that file’s media type if the file’s name ends, case-insensitively, in any of these suffixes: .gif, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .pdf, .txt, .zip. If the file’s name ends with some other suffix or has no suffix at all, outputs application/octet-stream instead.
4. **interpreter.py**: Prompts the user for an arithmetic expression and then calculates and outputs the result as a floating-point value formatted to one decimal place. Assumes that the user’s input will be formatted as x y z, with one space between x and y and one space between y and z, wherein: x is an integer, y is +, -, *, or /, and z is an integer.
5. **meal.py**: Prompts the user for a time and outputs whether it’s breakfast time (between 7:00 and 8:00AM), lunch time (between 12:00 and 13:00PM), or dinner time (between 18:00 and 19:00PM). If it’s not time for a meal, nothing is outputted anything at all. Supports both 24-hour time and 12-hour time (a.m. and p.m.).
